john knives
sulk your breed with a new one
complete here on call or duty ghost
Of course all vision is ghost today
officially released and I am going today
also just for you of course again
upload videos before I start
I want you with a real commentary
just let me know that I'm going to try to
as long as possible any video that until now
to start uploading in 1080p to render
so if you had good internet
if you just had a good computer
then you can watch this video
in 1080p
so with quality for a moment and then
you can watch it in the best
that's your fat piss mark quality
well that pluck the abyss is a pastors
and 60 cents game play where I play on the
a12 i have i suggest him get up ex and still
once
and mo penetration bullets then there are
tess knew that means if you do
for example, a maniac before you
walk or if you put a set on the floor
that you get him very quickly with but
so a few bullets is broken
those m on penetration bullets I do not know
exactly how it's called a call or
duty ghost who will help you with this
well you get the media or real
100,000 goals against you and you
do not want to stay you stay
just broken within a few balls
you don't have much else
to state or describe the weapon
I that if you ate that on your arms
attachment
that that dermis also goes up but that
is not where we see them is stays
same thing only the ms gets higher up
special poepertjes or special score
streams so it's handy to
but I would not recommend it
to always use
but today I want you here with them
Go about which you are best at
first of their locks on call or
duty ghost and what weapons you just have
not a lok as first also all
duty ghost because if you had level help
get his challenge you get
natural squad forest with that squad post
can you buy weapons can you buy turkish
you can buy anything you want
it is when you first start
with playing very limited you can only
use a few squad boys and is possible too
only use a few like you
45 that is me now
I now just have 60 squad
angry about what i'm just good
made my decision immediately at my
very first
a buy a squat dots go there
don't think i love that whatever
what we hope we clean up scott
thorson on oh shit i also no and tess
buy music because that is annoying you want
just right jeere cress there you want
just get good scores right away and me
wants to help you today with
thus achieving a good class plus
scoring growth because the two chilliest
weapons can use a game
the dog badger and the a12 in my or
sight
I therefore find UHM machines in call or duty
ghost really very bad
i like its playing in leaks i have with
the vector played a few games
because it is still pretty tasty
hand but the rest of the weapons
player that really tasty and that's because
the one rivals or the esl drive us
really have the advantage over the
Search engines so I would like you anyway
so start playing coast like
first ordinary in you
esl doubt a lock and then on the a12 on
the a12 has a high fire and a high one
and crashing making you just targeted
keep shooting and another high
thermal and as the school the ideal
weapon and also the rommy badger
also a very accurate weapon so you
can shoot very well straight ahead
without getting too much prickles and
In addition, it is also a weapon of
built-in sawyer is in it
and so for example you want pastors
go play and you want to be a little bit with the
enemy flag so what i walk on here
abyss gameplay
do you actually need a shiner
otherwise she knows exactly where you are
know everything exactly where you shoot and
then you are just dead at once
So the horny base there is a chill to one
bit and suggests class to get along with
of the great work of course at ted
science is the bee etcetera and the a12
just a weapon that can use with
flack jacket that can use with
bamboo oil that you can use with
just any puppy that does not state is because
I really don't recommend boring them
to set up
the best is just having external macs then
you taste much ml capacity
and in addition you might be able to make a red
doortje set up if you want but that
let me finish the underline
blocks first if you start with
play call of duty ghost
You can see it too I'm in the new
predator miss oh no they miss predator like that
is a score streak being three
missiles in one
and missing all that goes further
automatically down so actually
the predator michel is just going to
going downstairs as normal
then we miss another three bullets
can shoot
whole series of Korssendijk to use
and I also recommend that for you
it a habit and lure because with
special play right away when you start with
the game is not really recommended
because you don't know how it works yet
because you do not yet know how to put the folder
put each other together and then it is most convenient
to simply grab esselte just the set
compact you have you naturally find the
Guard too is really a very cheape score
to use seacole
sometimes a tad annoying of course
if you just have enemy skills and such
dog you come after and you with out
or ammo but he is just chill
personally for yourself
standing is just a set could the gardon
and then again that breeder is realloc or
whatever the witch may be called
I do not yet know how everything is with the
we chose a coach so that stays that way
no i learn a bit now in it
start a little on my head
learn because of course there must be
fast but good the game spot
is almost here again I think
personally all risks really whole
nice play i am now level 42 as i am
it's good I've been trying 12 hours
plain time it is over and it is like this
fat to play i do have a few
cams live now
I am also going to be in one for the first time
game play because so far I have every
I just have a bit of a solo
played without a headset on just f you
them for myself and now I'm going like that
immediately for the first time in a jar
play with sandy with jordi with wessel
with many other people the city
goes anyway then she turns twenty
time fun though so I think it's a great
game
I find a cool game to play and the
back you debit if you can see is there
here also a bit of a shame
of course that there is no gold for it
added on the playstation 3 and xbox
360 but years of shit happens
so the nextgen thinks so the place is 4 and
xbox one will be fine again
incorporated a tap response
mackeeper sit on people again
if you had something with me
tips and if you want more calle video
want to see a game place with some tips
by dirty can run best which
perth the best is a lok et cetera et
cetera
please leave me your thumb
up behind and don't forget mine either
other call or duty ghosts
check movies on my channel sister
can see my score is 40 to eleven as
a nice jar to look at
so I think they look promised
fear not to like and until the next
again bye bye